EZP-32239: ERP revision (#1307)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/erp_integration/erp_communication.md

|Message|Description|
|--- |--- |
|`calculate_sales_price`|Calculates prices using the business logic of ERP|
|`createsalesorder`|Creates an order|
|`select_customer`|Gets customer data from ERP|
|`select_contact`|Gets contact data for a person from ERP|
|`create_contact`|Creates a contact in ERP|
|`updatecustomer`|Updates a customer in ERP|
|`orderdetail`|Gets details about an order|
|`invoice_detail`|Gets details about an invoice|
|`delivery_note_detail`|Gets details about a delivery note|
|`orderlist`|Gets a list of orders|
|`invoice_list`|Gets a list of invoice|
|`delivery_note_list`|Gets a list of delivery notes|
|`creditmemolist`|Gets a list of credit memos|
|`creditmemodetail`|Gets details about a credit memo|
|`readdeliveryaddress`|Gets data of a delivery address for the provided party ID|
|`updatedeliveryaddress`|Updates the ERP data of an existing delivery address|
|`createdeliveryaddress`|Creates a new delivery address for the provided party ID|
|`deletedeliveryaddress`|Deletes a delivery address|

You can find the standard messages in `EshopBundle/Resources/config/messages.yml`.

## Additional lines

> A response sent to the shop from ERP can contain more information about a product than was requested.

Author: ```suggestion
A response that ERP sends to the shop can contain more information about a product than was requested.
```
